content/clone this wiki.md, before:

# Introduction

This is a offline-first wiki mean for minimal dependencies, just download it and edit the files on the `content` folder. Downloading the files can be done using `git` by doing

    git clone https://wiki.codigoparallevar.com/clone-this-wiki.git

The format supported at this point is [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/basics). It is recommended to get a real Markdown parser program (the building script will try to run `markdown`). If you can't get one, in the `scripts/markdown` folder there's a quick-n-dirty script that can *sort-of* work for simple files (keep in mind that it does not support *underlined headers*).

To convert the files into .html ones readable from a browser just run the `scripts/update_content.sh` file, and contents will be available on the `live-files` directory.

    cd clone-this-wiki
    sh scripts/update_content.sh

This files should be browsable directly from the filesystem or hosted on a remote web server.

# License

Any original content can be considered under [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/) licence (copied below), any non-original content belongs to its author:

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004
    &nbsp;
    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>
    &nbsp;
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.
    &nbsp;
            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
    &nbsp;
    0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

Commit message:

Allow defining the parser through an environment variable.

content/clone this wiki.md, after:

# Introduction

This is a offline-first wiki mean for minimal dependencies, just download it and edit the files on the `content` folder. Downloading the files can be done using `git` by doing

    git clone https://wiki.codigoparallevar.com/clone-this-wiki.git

The format supported at this point is [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/basics). It is recommended to get a real Markdown parser program.
The building script will pick the parser from the `$MARKDOWN` environment variable. If there's none it'll try with the `markdown` command, if that also doesn't work it'll the script on `scripts/markdown`. It's a quick-n-dirty script that can **sort-of** work for simple files (keep in mind that it does not support *underlined headers*).

To convert the files into .html ones readable from a browser just run the `scripts/update_content.sh` file, and contents will be available on the `live-files` directory.

    cd clone-this-wiki
    sh scripts/update_content.sh

This files should be browsable directly from the filesystem or hosted on a remote web server.

# License

Any original content can be considered under [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/) licence (copied below), any non-original content belongs to its author:

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004
    &nbsp;
    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>
    &nbsp;
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.
    &nbsp;
            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
    &nbsp;
    0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
